4000 pound safe to the grass on the
Curtis machine I drag this safe all the
way from the street good time over there
we got captain Freddie he's going to use
the curt Curtis machine the pulsations
golfer man things like a transformer
nothing stuff on the plate Oh to lean
towards Chris Jojo come here Jojo yep
Oh Fred back up man you're gonna come
off the plane here me now go go
forward and stop you're almost in the
mulch so get it as far as you can to
close call
if this thing Falls I will quit
oh good you good I'm just tight go got
it we got you we got you now you got to
strain it out and hear that move that
plate over
up to me let's go on the website man
stop stop stop stop don't come off the
mulch watch it over there Jennifer still
you want to strap this thing to the jack
yes yes on a strap all right
maybe not you want any to as long as you
come up straight for it
you guys got it you're right wheels
nowhere near that way you take the
plates tickets wider than the actual
dolly the Machine the machines water
than your plates man yeah stop right
there put it up I'll stop recording it's
up down
we need another quarter plate you can't
come up that it's not wide enough yeah
I'm getting man here let me see make
that face again
okay talk to ms back be gone in five ish
riggin every weekend be one of those new
struck nine a stop right there